Prepare for 1.30.1 release (#3015)
NanoComp/meep: NEWS.md

# Meep Release Notes

## Meep 1.30.1

> 5/8/2025

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5/15/2025
```

> * Bug fix in DFT fields of a single point ([#3010]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bug fix in DFT fields at a single point (zero-dimensional volume), where they were only first-order accurate and had the wrong weight ([#3010]).
```
